# ds33sqi
Microchip DSPIC33 series in a square inch

This is my entry to the hackaday square inch project comp.

Its a dsPIC33 dev board. :-)

## File descriptions.

* dspic33sqi-1.1b.cct - Schematic - Designworks
* dspic33sqi-1.1b.cct.png - Schematic - PNG file.
* dspic33sqi-1.1b-netlist.txt - NetList - Generated by Designworks
* ds33sqi-1.1b.osm 	- PCB design in Osmond PCB
* dspic33sqi-1.1b.BOM - Bill of materials

## Other Files.

The output folder contains the gerbers and two sets
of postscript files. Normal and mirrored.  For those of
you who wish to make your own boards with toner transfer
method, you can print the odd mirrored layers.

### Post Script:

* LAYER1.EPS - Copper top layer 
* LAYER2.EPS - Copper bottom layer 
* MASK1.EPS - Top solder mask
* MASK2.EPS - Bottom solder mask
* SILK1.EPS - Top silk screen
* SILK2.EPS - Bottom silk screen

### Gerbers:

* AUX1.GBR - Empty, ignore it.
* AUX2.GBR - Outline layer
* BOM.TXT - Bill of Materies - Generated by Osmond PCB
* DRILL.TXT - Drill file
* HoleReport.txt - Holes!!
* IPC356.TXT -
* LAYER1.GBR - Copper top layer
* LAYER2.GBR - Copper bottom layer
* MASK1.GBR - Solder mask top layer
* MASK2.GBR - Solder mask bottom layer
* PIK.TXT - wh
* SILK1.GBR - Silk screen top layer
* SILK2.GBR - Silk screen bottom layer
* SPASTE1.GBR - Solder paste top layer
* SPASTE2.GBR - Solder paste bottom layer

## Notes on footprints.  

Some of the footprints I didnt have, so I made them up.  
i.e.: I crystals, button. soic28

The headers are standard 2.54mm (0.1' pitch) header pins.

The parts used were chosen for 2 reasons:
1.  I had them on hand.  The only thing I have to wait for is the pcb. :-)
2.  If anyone is playing along at home, I wanted the parts to be big
enough to solder by hand. The SOIC28 is a beast so it's easy to solder; 
the 0805's are doable by hand as well. :-) 

Finally, a word on software, I use designworks [1] for schematic
capture and osmondpcb [2] for the PCB.  The latter is free for smallish 
boards (700 pins or less) - It's fine for my purposes.   

Due to the nature of this software (both are basically commericial MacOSX,
applications); I have included a netlist.  This is
an ascii representation of the pins/signals and their respective
connections. It may come in handy for importing into other software.
The schematic is available as a PNG file as well. 

## License
All my designs are covered by license file included in the root 
of this repository.

Share and Enjoy!

[1] - http://www.capliano.com
[2] - http://www.osmondpcb.com

---
Danny Koreny (@sutfuf) - 20151207

